Spanish conqueror soldier for Apollo @Alejandro Delgado 12-30-2007

Author: Alejandro Delgado   


Product Description:

		This figure represents a Spanish conqueror soldier uniform and complemets.This pack has 2 posable figures,
		3 props and  high quality textures.
		
		

			
		-using the figures:

		The figures are made to be conformed to the Apollo Maximus figure.
		If you want a outfit without helmet, just select the head body part of SCsuit or SCsuitSword and
		make it not visible.
			
			- SCsuit:
			
			This uniform represents the spanish conqueror outfit without the sword and its cover and straps.
			This uniform has no Gunpowder bags.
 
			This outfit is a only one piece, so to conform to Apollo is very easy, Just conform the figure once
			and you will have all the uniforms parts conformed to Apollo Maximus.

			-SCsuitSword:

			This uniform represents the Spanish comqueror with sword,its cover and straps and the Gunpowder bags.

			This outfit is a only one piece, so to conform to Apollo is very easy. 
			Just conform the figure once and you will have all the uniforms parts conformed
			to Apollo Maximus.

			This figure has some morph dials in two of its body parts.

			-Chest body part:

				You find here one morph dial, "noBags", if you put this dial to 1, then the Gunpowder bags
				will be not visible.Put it to 0 value to make them visible again. The default value 
				is 1, so when you open the figure you cannot see them.

			-Abdomen body part:

				You find in this body part several morph dials.

				- noSword: If you put this dial to 1, the sword will be not visible.you have an empty cover
				- Separate: If you put this dial to 1, the sword cover and the sword will be separate from
					    the body.

				- TurnUp: If you put this dial to 1, the sword cover and the sword will be rotated upwards.
		


	        - Using the props:


		The props have not parents when they are open from the library.

		You can set parents of each one in the properties window. 

		The props are the next:
		
			- SCsword: this is the sword of the spanish conqueror.
			- SCarcabuz: This is the arcabuz (an antique gun)
			 	     It has one morph dial, "shoot", if you put this dial to 1, the trigger and other
				     gun part will be moved.
			-SCsupport: this is the support used to sustain the arcabuz, because it Weighed very much.
		
		

		- Geometry information:
			
			Only for your information, this model has the next  facets (polygons):

			SCsuit: 28022
			SCsuitSword: 36518
			SCarcabuz: 3901
			SCsupport: 271
			SCsword: 1559		  

				

					
			



System Requirements:
		
		PC version. ( It has been not tested in a Mac)

		You need Poser 5 or later to use this item.

		



All of this product's content was created by Adh3d, Alejandro Delgado.




Needed Files:
 		Although you don't need Apollo Maximus figure to use this item(To open the figures and props,and use them),
		this item is designed to use with the Apollo Maximus figure. 




Installation instructions:
		
		Unzip the zip file to you Poser folder, all the files will be put in their respective folder.
		(It have been used Winzip 11.1 to create this zip file)
		
		-You can use the Spanish conqueror soldier  for Apollo  ,following the next steps:

		(In Poser) Open your library ---> select figures ---> Adh3d ---> open the figure you want(you will see
		a picture of them)


		(In Poser) Open your library ---> select props ---> Adh3d ---> open the prop you want(you will see
		a picture of them)

		

		
		


Usage Tips/Limitations:

		You can use this figure,the props and its textures  for your comercial or not comercial renders 
		and animations.

		You cannot sell or share any of the files included in this zip file or the zip		
		file itself.
	
	
		



Files list order by folders:

..\runtime\libraries\character\adh3d\
   SCsuit.cr2
   SCsuit.obj
   SCsuit.png
   SCsuitSword.png
   SCsuitSword.cr2
   SCsuitSword.obj
   Spanish conqueror soldier.txt
   license.txt

..\runtime\libraries\props\adh3d\
   SCarcabuz.png
   SCarcabuz.pp2
   SCsupport.png
   SCsupport.pp2
   SCsword.png
   SCsword.pp2

..\runtime\textures\adh3d\Spanish conqueror soldier\
   SCarcabuz.jpg
   SCcloth.jpg
   SCextra.jpg
   SCsupport.jpg
   SCsword.jpg

